16 people have been killed in overnight
Israeli shelling in the city of Rafa in
southern Gaza children are among those
killed and injured Israeli strikes hit a
house in the eastern part of the city
fighting's also been taking place
between Palestinian groups and Israeli
forces near NASA Hospital in kanun going
to speak to Han Mahmud he's live with us
from Rafa in southern Gaza talk us
through the latest strikes
Hy
yes well another night of more death and
destruction in an overcrowded uh part of
the Gaza Strip mainly Rafa City and this
time the location is at Eastern side of
rafah city where a residential home
accommodating three families the owner
of that targeted home as well as two
displaced families were Sheltering
inside the house for the past few weeks
and and since the beginning of the were
16 people reported uh killed and
multiple other injuries all reported to
a naar hospital that's in central RAF uh
there were rescue efforts all the way
till early mornings of this hour looking
for more people under the rebels were
expecting the number to increase within
the coming hours as more as the civil
defense crew member are uh finding it
quite feasible now to move as the
artillery Shilling has seized within the
past uh 2 hours so they expectation to
see more people reported to a Nar
Hospital either injuries or those who
are killed but ra now is increasingly
becoming quite dangerous and risky we're
looking at a overcrowded evacuation
centers over crowded residential homes
people are everywhere here either in the
streets on the sidewalk or inside these
residential homes or they are inside
their tents they set up across Rafa City
Sheltering from the horror of of of
these bombs and and missiles a single
missile right now in this overcrowded
area can kill a large number of people
that explains the large number of
casualties that every single air strikes
taking place in rafah now mainly we're
looking at women and it children because
they are the most vulnerable group that
seek shelters inside these uh
residential homes or inside T while men
are spending the time outside looking
either for the food or looking for the
food supplies needed uh for for family
members to survive the horror and the
terrible living conditions in in RAF
City in Khan Unice another bloody night
where the Israeli military tanks and
armored vehicles under heavy coverage of
artillery Shilling and air strike pushed
deeper once again near Naser Hospital in
an area bit better known as a namsa
block that's within the vicinity of both
Naser hospital and the Jordanian field
Hospital destroying the remaining
residential homes as well as desecrating
a cemetery within the area and
destroying many of the graves and newly
buried bodies were removed from inside
the graves there reports about heavy
confrontations between the invading
forces and the Palestinian fing groups
on the ground but here the intensity of
the bombings could be heard from RAF
city as it was really intense in terms
of magnitude in terms of scale and the
loud explosion that it caused as these
tanks and armored vehicle were either at
the beginning were pushing deeper and at
early hours of the morning they pulled
out of the area leaving it in a complete
uh complete destruction in the Central
Area both Al B Al magazi refugee camps
were under heavy artillery Shilling and
massive air strike leaving many people's
injured and many reported to Ala
hospital again and reminder that ala
hospital is on a brink of a collapse due
to a large number of casualties reported
to it honey thank you very much indeed
hany Mahmud talking to us from Rafa